Update sankey.md (#22165)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/product_analytics/sankey.md

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/product_analytics/sankey_diagrams/sankey-funnel-conversion.png" alt="A Sankey to funnel conversion in process" style="width:90%;" >}}

## Troubleshooting

> ### The Sankey and the funnel show different view counts for the same view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The Sankey diagram and the funnel show different view counts for the same view
```

> ### The Sankey and the Funnel show me different view counts for the same view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The Sankey and the funnel show different view counts for the same view.
```

> The algorithm for the Sankey and the Funnel rely on two different computations. You may notice a different in the count of views for the first step of both visualizations. Imagine the use case of building a Funnel and a Sankey that both start with the same view: `/home`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithm for the Sankey diagram and the funnel rely on two different computations. You may notice a difference in the count of views for the first step of both visualizations. Imagine the use case of building a funnel and a Sankey diagram that both start with the same view: `/home`
```

> The algorithm for the Sankey diagram and the funnel rely on two different computations. You may notice a difference in the count of views for the first step of both visualizations. Imagine the use case of building a funnel and a Sankey diagram that both start with the same view: `/home`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithms for the Sankey diagram and the funnel rely on two different computations. You may notice a difference in the count of views for the first step of both visualizations. Imagine the use case of building a funnel and a Sankey diagram that both start with the same view: `/home`
```

> The algorithms for the Sankey diagram and the funnel rely on two different computations. You may notice a difference in the count of views for the first step of both visualizations. Imagine the use case of building a funnel and a Sankey diagram that both start with the same view: `/home`
> 
> - The funnel counts all views that went to `/home`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithms for the Sankey diagram and the funnel rely on two different computations. You may notice a difference in the count of views for the first step of both visualizations. Imagine the use case of building a funnel and a Sankey diagram that both start with the same view: `/home`.

- The funnel counts all views that went to `/home`.
```

> - The Funnel will count all views that went to `/home`
> - The Sankey will only count views to `/home`where was another view that followed it. This means that if a user goes to `/home` and stays on that page OR leaves the app, their sessions would not be counted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The funnel counts all views that went to `/home`
- The Sankey diagram only counts views to `/home` where another view follows. If a user goes to `/home` and stays on that page or leaves the app, the Sankey diagram does not include their sessions.
```

> In addition, active sessions are not included in Funnels, while they are included in the Sankey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, funnels do not include active sessions, while Sankey diagrams do include active sessions.
```
